>> Steve Kinney: So we're gonna start
by talking a little bit about Redux,
which raises the obvious,
first question of what is Redux?
And in a way, think about Redux as
an implementation of the Flux pattern.
If you recall,
there is a necessary a Flux.
Flux isn't a framework that
you just download and use,
but it's an approach to managing
state in your application.
So there's a whole bunch of
implementations of the Flux pattern.
We talked about the Flux pattern at large,
and
now we're gonna talk about the Redux and
the implementation of that pattern.
A lot of this is inspired by Elm and some
of the ways that a state is managed in
that kind of programming language and
paradigm.
So we're do this in a few phases.
I think a lot of times when
people learning Redux,
they're learning in context
of a React application.
So they are learning Redux,
while they're learning Redux in React and
sometimes while they're
also learning React, right?
And I think that causes a lot of
confusion on where the boundaries are,
what is the responsibilities of react,
what are the responsibilities of reduct?
And then, there is a third library that
we'll talk about in a little bit called
React Redux.
And so, its kind of hard to keep
track of what comes from where and
what is the responsibility of
each one of those libraries.
So we're gonna take a slightly
different approach and
we're gonna start with
Redux outside of React.
Cuz it turns out that Redux itself
is in no way React specific.
There is nothing in the Redux library
that ties it to React or makes it so
you couldn't use it with
literally anything, right?
And that's part of the reason why the
React to Redux library exists, is to like,
then provide those bindings, but
Redux itself is completely agnostic.
Cool, so when we had a very
simple application yesterday.
We had the item store and we had like
one model in the application, right?
But in a Flux [INAUDIBLE],
you likely have a different store for
what I call every like noun
in your application, right?
Every model would be a different store and
you [INAUDIBLE] kinda
coordinate between them and
that can get a little bit out of control.
If you go looking for more,
if it's just like late at night,
decide you're gonna Google for
like Flux architecture diagrams.
You'll see like the one that
we saw in the MPM page,
you won't find the extra
one that I drew yesterday.
But you'll also see ones where they just
like have more stores and more views and
there just arrows going
on all over the place.
It really, it will keep you up night.
So Redux take a different approach,
where all of your
state is in one immutable state tray,
right that's it.
And so, immutable state tray is
a very fancy way to impress people
when what you really mean is
just a JavaScript object, right?
But if you say immutable state tree
everyone thinks you're a lot smarter and
you get a raise at work and it's great.
Like Flux, one does not simply modify
the state tree and change stuff on it.
We distribute actions, those actions
change the tree, stuff along those lines.
So we're going to again look at
another very, very scientific and
professional looking chart.
So here's a new word, reducer.
And reducer probably sounds a little
bit like the reduce function and
that's probably a good gut reaction
if you started to think that,
because that is effectively what it does.
But in Redux we have
this idea of a reducer.
And one of my favorite things about Redux
is that almost everything in the library
or almost of what you use is
just objects and functions.
There's not like crazy components and
it's just JavaScript objects,
JavaScript functions,
just arranged in a way that allow you to
do some pretty cool stuff with state.
So the reducer is just a function,
and it takes two arguments.
It takes some kind of action and
we remember that action is really just
a JavaScript object that ideally
has a type properties and
what kind of action occurred and
whatever other information that you need.
So it takes an action,
just a JavaScript object and
it takes the current state
of your application.
So two objects go into a reducer,
one comes out.
So action goes in,
current state of the world.
Stuff happens inside the reducer.
We'll talk about that in a little bit.
And then,
new state of the world comes out, right?
And there's one store that
represents your entire application.
And this is now what's happened, right?
We usually still use action creators.
We could make those objects
by hand every time, but
that is error prone and
depending on the action, tedious, right?
We would write to have a function
that does everything for us.
So action creators it just a function.
It creates an object.
Object goes in the reducer, which just
a function takes object, what comes out?
Just an object, right?
There's not special classes
that you're intantiating.
It's really just like very simple
Vanilla JavaScript data structures.
So we kinda know the theme here.
What happens to that new
state that we produced?
Ideally, you create state
to do something with it.
You either save it to a server or for
a lot of us client set engineers were
making what with the state
of our application.
>> Speaker 2: Views.
>> Steve Kinney: Views, yeah,
we'll explain it to the user.
So at this point we can
send that entire tree or
parts of that tree, cuz it's just
effectively objects, like props.
To review, where we can have
event listeners, on click,
on change, on mouse over, right?
And those will ideally
trigger action creators and
we have once again achieved the react
ideal of the unit directional data flow.
Stuff goes into reducer,
new state comes out.
That goes into a view.
The user can then be the thing
that kicks off the cycle,
again, by taking some kind of action.
That fires off an action creator.
The circle continues.
We have a user interface.
Another really good part about
Redux is that it is small.
We are going to poke at the entire
library together right now.
So how small is it?
It is 5 methods and
some of those are even smaller.
We'll talk about those in a second.